Update wca-regulations.md (#61)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

    - A7c) The competitor must check the recorded result, and sign (or initial) the score sheet to acknowledge that the result is correct, complete, properly formatted, and clearly readable. This finishes the attempt.
        - A7c1) If the competitor or the judge refuses to accept and sign the score sheet, the WCA Delegate must resolve the dispute.
        - A7c2) If the competitor intentionally signs (or otherwise marks) an attempt before they have begun it, they forfeit the attempt and the result will be considered DNS.

>             - A7c2a) The competition should not mark the scorescore sheet anywhere other than the area provided for them to sign.

Reviewer: We haven't done 5 indentations in the regs before, so we should look for a different solution here. I think just making this A7c6 would be fine, or just adding this line to A7c2

Author: Now recommitted with A7c6

        - A7c3) If the competitor signs (or otherwise marks) an attempt after starting the attempt but before the judge has finished recording the result, the attempt will be considered unfinished (DNF).
        - A7c4) The competitor should not sign an attempt before the judge has recorded and signed the attempt. The competitor is ultimately responsible for ensuring that they and the judge have signed an attempt. If an attempt is found to be missing one or both signatures after the judge delivered the score sheet to the score taker (see [Regulation A7f](regulations:regulation:A7f)), it will be considered unfinished (DNF).
        - A7c5) Missing signatures found before the end of the competition (see [Regulation 9u](regulations:regulation:9u)) may be added by the judge and/or the competitor, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

>         - A7c6) The competition should not mark the scorescore sheet anywhere other than the area provided for them to sign.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - A7c6) The competitor should not mark the score sheet anywhere other than in the area provided for them to sign.
```
